=== 1.0.0 / 2009-08-11

* Moving to GitHub, since apparently people use this thing.
* Switching to modern Hoe.
* Modification which will remove data points from the chart if
  the generated URL exceeds the maximum URL length which
  Google allows. [supplanter]
* GChart::Axis#range_markers was incorrectly initialized to a
  hash, but the supporting documentation is correct. [supplanter]

=== 0.5.0 / 2008-05-11

* Support for Map charts [Mark Thomas]
* Support for Sparkline charts [Mark Thomas]
* Initial support for Google-o-meter [Mark Thomas]
* Implemented both background solid fill and chart area solid fill.
* Added color aliasing: 3-character colors and a COLORS table.
* Full support for axis labels.
* Implemented horizontal/vertical range markers.
* New committer, Jim Ludwig.
* Freeze GChart::VERSION.

=== 0.4.2 / 2008-01-09

* Encoding a flatlined chart doesn't asplode [Jack Danger Canty]

=== 0.4.1 / 2008-01-02

* (bug #16756 fixed) Example in the README is incorrect

=== 0.4.0 / 2007-12-28

* New committer, Abhay Kumar
* Implement all three encodings. Fix extended encoding calculation.
* Support bar thickness/spacing for bar charts
* (bug #16565 fixed) GChart now tells you when your chart is too big.
* Pushed some bar chart params logic down where it belongs
* Enforce pie chart spec: pie charts only take one set of data

=== 0.3.0 / 2007-12-24

* Breaking change: labels --> legend
* Switched to RSpec, added skeletal specs for all types
* Extensive refactoring, pulled chart types into GChart::Base subclasses
* (bug) Errors in the static helpers should report a reasonable file and line

=== 0.2.0 / 2007-12-12

* Support for basic :labels
* Support for pie3d
* Minor doc cleanups

=== 0.1.0 (2007-12-10)

* Birthday!
